{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 of maps, and other cuts. Thus far the three volumes of the Eaft-Indies. The three of the Wet are composed of these parts, Vol. I. an ample account of Virginia. The unfortunate expedition of the french to Flo- rida, An. I565. Laudonniere's voyage thither, An.'-1574. Two voyages of John Stadius to Brazil and the river of Plate, where he lived among the Indians. Leri's account of Brazil. Villagano's voyage to South America. Benzo's history of the discovery of America. Vol. II. The second and third parts of Benzo's history of the Weft-Indies. Saber's description of fe- yeral parts of America, where he travelled. Voyages of fir F. Drake, Cavendish and Raleigh. Dutch expedition to the Canaries. General account of America. Sebald de Weert's voyage through the firaits of Magellan. Noort round the world. Vol. III. Two voyages of Americus Vefputius. Hamor's ac- count of the state of Virginia. Captain Smith's description of New-England. Schouten and Le Mlaire's discovery of a new passage into the South-sea, called Strait le Maire. Spilbergen's voyage through the straits of Magellan. Herrera's description of the Weft-Indies. These are the contents of the fix volumes, the whole illultrated and adorned with such a vafl number of maps and cuts, representing all such things as require it, that the like is not in any other colletion, nor is it likely that any will be at so excessive an expence. To be flort, this collection is a small library, including all the voyages and discoveries of any note till the time it was publifled, when molt of the remote parts began to be well knovwn, ndl therefore is of excellent use and great value. Italian. Delie nav'igatisln & vwigb;, raccyce (a AM. Gia Battifa Rnamfio, Venice, 3 vols. fol. 16i3. Ramufio's collection of voyages and travels, the most perfect work of that nature extant in any lan- guage whatsoever: containing all the discoveries to the east, weft, north, and south; with full descriptions of all the countries discovered; judiciously compiled, and free from that great mass of useless matter, which swells our english Hackluyt and Pur- chas; much more complete and full than the latin de Brye, and in fine, the noblest work of this nature. The contents of it as briefly as may be set down, are as follow. In the firfl volume, John Leo's description of Afric. Alvife de ca da Mofto's voyage, and that of Peter de Santra to the coaf of Afric. Hanno the carthaginian's navigation on the coast of Afric. Voyage from Lilbon to the illand of S. Thdmas. Gama's voyage to Calicut. Peter Alvarez to India. Two voyages of Americus Vefputius. Voyages to India by Tho. Lopez and Gio. da Em- poli. Barthema's travels to, and account of India. Corfali to India. Alvarez to Ethiopia. Discourse of the overflowing of the Nile. Nearchls admiral to Alexander the great, his naviga- tion. Voyage down the Red-Tea to Diu. Barbofa of the Eall- Indies. Voyages of Conti, and S. Stephano. Firif voyage round the world performed by the spaniards. Gaeton of the discovery of the Molucco liiinds. Account of Japan. Extracts of Barros's hiflory of India. The second volume; Marcus Paulus Venetus's travels. Hayton the armenian of the great chams or emperors of Tartary. Angiolello of the wars betwixt Uffun- caflan king of Periia, and Mahomet emperor of the turks; of Ifinael Sophy an;l the ftltan of Babylon, and of Selim the tlrk's subduing the mamalucks. Barbaro's travels to Tartary and Persia. Contarino's embassy from the republic of Venice to Uffuncaffan king of Persia. Campenfe of Muscovy. Jovius of Muscovy. Arianus of the Euxine, or Black-sea. Geor. Interiano of the circalTians. Quini's shipwreck and adventures in. 6 degrees of north latitude. The fame by Christ. Fiora- vante and J. de Michele, who were with him. Baron INerber- stain of Muscovy and Rufia. Zeno's voyage to Persia. Nicl. and Ant. Zeni's discovery of Frizeland, Iceland, and to the north pole. Two voyages to Tartary by dominicans sent by pope Innocent IV. Odoricns's Iwo voyages into the eat. Ca- bot's voyage into the north-west. Gnagnino's description of Po- land, Mufcovv, and part of Tartary. The fame by Micheorus. In the third volume ; an abridgment of Peter Martyr of Angleria, his decads of the discovery of the Wcft-Indics. An abridgment of Oviedo's hiltory of the Weft-Indies. Cortes's account of his discovery and conquest of Mexico. Alvarado of his conquelt and discovery of other provinces above Mexico. Godoy of fe- veral discoveries and conquests in New-Spain. Account of Mexico and New-Spain, by a gentleman belonging to Cortes. Alvar Nunez of the ficcefs of the fleet set out by Pamphilo de Narvaez, and his strange adventures for ten years. Nunno de Guzman of several cities and provinces of New-Spain. Francis de Ulloa's voyage to California. Vasquez Coronado and Marco de Nizza of the provinces north of New-Spain. Alarcon's voyage by sea to discover the seven cities north of Mexico. Discovery and conquest of Peru, writ by a fpanith captain. Xeres's conquest of Peru. The flmle by Pizarro's fccretary. Oviedo's account of a voyage up the great river of Mara- non, Verazzano's discovery of north America. Jaques Cor- tier's first and second voyages to Canada or New-France. Federici's voyage to India, with a large account of the spice, drues, jewels, and pearls in those parts. Three voyages of the dutch to discover the north-east paliage to China and Japan, in which they found the straits of Weygats and Nova Zembla, and the coast of Greenland running to So degrees of north latitude. These, with many learned difcourfcs and obfervatitns of the au- thor's are the contents of the three volumes. Prima Jpeditione all' Indie orientali del P. F. GiJeppe di Santa M4la- ria, 4\'c2\'b0. Roma I668. This author was sent by pope Alexander VII. to the malabar christians of S. Thomas, being himself a barefoot carnelite, and has in thio left a molt excellent piece of curiosity. He gives a very particular account of the places and people he\
}