{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A PHILOSOPHICAL AND POLITICAL H I S T O R Y HISTORY IN THE EAST AND WEST INDIES. Translated from the French of the Abb6 RESNAL, BY J. JUSTAMOND, M.A. DUBLIN: Printed for JOHN EXSHAW, No. 86, and WILLIAM I N D E X INDEX BOOK I. T RADE of Denmark, Ostend, Sweden, Prussia, Spain, and Ruflfia to the Eaft-Irdies. Some important inquiries concerning the connec- tions of Europe with the Indies. - Page I Ancient revolutions in Denmark. - ibid. Denmark undertakes the trade of the Indies. 5 Changes the Danish trade has undergone in India. 7 State of the Danish trade in the Indies. - o1 Eflabliflhment of an India company at Oflend. 13 Causes of the defiru&ion of the company at Of- tend. - - - I6 General iketch of the ancient government of Swe- den. - - - -. 18 The Swedes cultivate the India trade. Bails on which it is founded. - 0 Present slate of Sweden. - 23 The king of Prussia forms an Eaft-India company at Embden. Charater of that prince. Fate of his eflabliibment. - - 32 VOL. II. a 2 Settle- Page Suttlement of the Spaniards in the Philippine islands. - - - 35 Present slate of the Philippine islands - 38 \\Vhat the Philippines might become in industrious hands. - - - 42 General notions of Tartary. - - 47 Dispute of the Ruffians and Chinese in Tartary. 51 The Ruffians obtain leave to fend a caravan to China. - - - 52 Projeas of the Ruffian court to trade to the Indies through independent Tartary. - 54 Intercourse between Ruflia and the Indies by the Caspian sea. - -5 State of the Ruffian empire, and the means to make it flourish. - - -58 Conneaions of the Europeans with China. State of that empire with refpe& to its trade. 71 The Europeans buy tea at China. 76 The Europeans buy porcelain in China. - 78 The Europeans buy silk in China. -87 The Europeans buy varnished works, and paper in China. - g Sums laid out in purchases by the Europeans in China. - 98 Conjecures concerning the future dtate of the trade of Europe in China. 99 Whether Europe-fhould continue its trade with India ? - - 1 An inquiry, whether it is necessary, that the Euro- peans fhculd have large eRablifhments in India, in order to carry on the trade ? - 1 Page Whether Europe ought to lay open the trade to India, or carry it on by exclusive charters. 125 BO O K II. Discovery of America. Conquefl of Mexico; and settlements of the Spaniards in that part of the new world. - 139 Parallel of ancient and modern hiltory. ibid. Ancient revolutions of Spain. - 41 Columbus forms the design of discovering Ame- rica. - - 45 Arrival of Columbus in the new world. 147 Customs of the people of Hayti, since known by the name of Hispaniola - - 148 Cruelties exercised towards the Indians at Hifpanio- la. - - - - 152 Cortez sets out for the conquest of Mexico. What happened to him off Tabasco. - i6o Cortez arrives at Mexico. His engagements with the province of Tlafcala. - 163 Cortez advances towards Mexico; manners, reli- gion, government, and riches of the empire at the arrival of the Spaniards. - 17 The Spaniards being matiers of Mexico, extend its boundaries. - - 182 Climate, foil, and population of Mexico. 187 Produ&ions of Mexico. 197 The mines of Mexico. - 207 Taxes established in Mexico. 213 Connecions ofMexico with the reft of America, with the EaA indies, and with Europe. 220 Page Conquest of Peru by the Spaniards. Changes that have happened in this empire since that change of government. - -242 Expeditions that preceded the discovery of Peru. ibid. State of Peru when it was discovered. - 248 Civil wars of the Spaniards after their conquest of Peru. - - - - - 266 Natural slate of Peru. - - - 276 To what condition the Spaniards reduced the. Peru- vians. - - -283 To what degree the Spaniards have multiplied in Peru. Where, and how, they have formed their settlements. What species of cultivation, and what industry they introduced into the empire. 288 Of the mines of Peru. - - 298 Mutual communication of the different provinces of Peru. - - 30 Communication of Peru with Europe. 316 General remarks on new Grenada, which was de- tached from Peru. - - 326 Remarks on the country of Quito. - 327 Remarks on Popayan and Chaco. 334 Remarks on Santa Fe. -335 Remarks on Carthagena. -337 Remarks on the countries situated between the rivers Magdalena and the Oroonoko. - 343 Page Conquefl of Chili and Paraguay by the Spaniards. Principles on which Spain manages her colonies. 348 Means by which the Spaniards made themselves masters of Chili. - - ibid. Present slate of the Spaniards at Chili. 35 Conne&ions of Chili with the Indians, with Peru and with Paraguay. - 353 Settlement of the Spaniards in Paraguay. 355 Present situation of the Spaniards in Paraguay. 367 Trade of Paraguay. - - 369 Paraguay owes its celebrity to the settlements the Jesuits have formed there. Remarks on these settlements. - - - 372 Invasions to which Spanish America is exposed. Methods of preventing them. - 388 Causes of the decay of Spain. - 400 Causes of the decay of the Spanish colonies. 4t0 Means that Spain ought to employ to re-establish itself. - - 418 Means which Spain ought to employ for the re- establishment of its colonies. - 427 B O O K V. Settlement of the Portuguese in the Brazils. The wars they have sustained there. Produce and riches of that colony. - 438 Discovery of the Brazils by the Portuguese. ibid. Page Account of the firtf colonilts sent by Portugal to the Braz. - - - 439 Cbaraaer and cultoms of the Brazilians. 443 Success of the Portuguese in\
}